docs: update expo metro.config.js (#441)
storybookjs/react-native: MANUAL_SETUP.md

Update your metro config to include sbmodern in the resolverMainFields. 

**Expo**

> First create the file if you don't have.

Reviewer: Just a slight adjustment:

```suggestion
First create metro config file if you don't have it yet. 
```

```sh
npx expo customize metro.config.js
```

> 

Reviewer: Another small thing:

```suggestion
Then add sbmodern to the start of the `resolver.resolverMainFields` list.

```
